[Music]
every year millions of dolls are created
perfectly designed to bring joy to
people everywhere but what happens to
the dolls who aren't so perfect
[Music]
welcome to ugly veil friend wake up box
I've always believed the big world is
real I know I'll find the perfect kid
for me but I'm starting to wonder with
no evidence no proof what if it's not
true
find your own truth this is the way to
the big world how do we get up
[Music]
what's perfection
that's Allah he feels perfect one here
welcome to the Institute of perfection
where only the best will meet their
perfect human match you're an engineer
slash model my set series will make me
different or a lawyer slash model I'm an
individual exactly like the rest of you
do you honestly think your little band
of sock puppets stands a chance to you
it's probably better if you just go back
where you belong are we really not good
enough for the big world no our flaws
make us unique those are all worth
fighting for
oh you do know that Lou is gonna make it
super hard for you well I say bring it
on Lois
[Music]
bless their ugly little hearts crazy
getting loose
what's your name wedge head I love
literal naming isn't that right
gibberish cat
[Music]